- [Instructor] The next is what
is the customized mapping support
that JSON Binding offers for I-JSON.
Now I-JSON is internet JSON which
is a restricted profile of JSON.
This is basically in place to make sure
that there's maximum interoperability between systems,
so the thing is that you
may have certain software applications,
or certain implementations which comply
to the previous formats of JSON data.
In case they are going to be used now,
then according to the latest JSON format two,
the systems should work correctly,
so I-JSON is specified as a stricter or restricted format
to make sure that all of the systems, old and new,
correctly operate with each other,
and the software applications do have a confidence,
so that they can successfully transform,
or successfully use that data with predictable results.
Now when it comes to JSON Binding API,
yes, JSON Binding also supports
and respects the I-JSON format,
but there are a few exceptions.
When it comes to I-JSON, let's understand this point,
there are many software applications which comply
or which accorded according to the older specification
of JSON format, now, those applications,
accept only JSON objects or JSON arrays.
Those are the only two data structures that they understand,
so such kind of implementations,
you cannot use JSON text for example,
Now JSON Binding does not have this restriction.
JSON Binding we have already seen,
in all of our previous demos,
that it has the capability to even serialize a JSON text,
but if you are going to provide this capability
to a system which is not capable of understanding that,
then it becomes an issue,
so when it comes to JSON Binding,
there is no restriction on the serialization
of top-level JSON text,
so those applications which do not understand JSON texts,
and understand only objects or arrays may face a problem,
so this kind of restriction will have to be handled
at the application level.
By default, there is no support for this.
Next one, is there's also no serialization,
that JSON-B does for binary data with base 64 url encoding,
so if you want this particular restriction to be imposed,
then you'll have to do that too on the application level,
again, there's no enforcement on restrictions
for dates and times that are used in your application,
so for that too, you will have to fall back
to the application level customization,
so, under JSON Binding API, the customized support
for I-JSON will be enabled, the full support I mean,
will be enabled with the JsonbConfigs
with strict I-Jason API call, set that to true,
and then whenever you're trying to use JSON Binding API
in your application, it'll make sure,
that it'll provide you the full support
for internet JSON, so we're going to do a very small demo
for this, let's come back to the IDE,
so let's create our test class,
and let's call it Test I-JSON,
okay, and let's come right there,
let's enter the main method first,
and how do you set the I-JSON support,
so let's go back to object mapper
because it can be only done under config objects,
so I'm going to comment this out,
so please understand that I'm commenting,
all the previous lines, all the previous properties,
or calls that we have done under the configured object,
the only reason for this is we do not want all
of them to be operational on a particular demo,
so I comment out all of them,
and I keep adding the one that we're doing the demo for,
okay, this is just for your information,
so that you don't get confused about it,
okay, so I'm going to put a comment here,
and I'm going to say property for I-JSON support,
okay, so what are we going to do,
you're just going to get the config object,
and say with strict I-JSON, that's the one, and set this
to true, okay, so now let's go back to the test class,
and create an md JSON-B engine instance first,
builder, dot create, okay, once we say this,
let's do one thing, let's say string, text equal to JSON-B,
just a simple text, and we all know,
that by default, JSON Binding API is definitely going
to serialize this JSON text, we know for sure, correct,
so let's check that out again,
let's make sure that we understand what we are doing,
so I'm trying to show you the default setting,
before we look into the I-JSON strict support, okay,
so I'm going to say Json b dot to JSON, and say text, okay,
and if I run this file, yeah, that's what I'll get,
so by default, JSON Binding API is definitely going
to serialize that text, however,
we spoke about the problem where some systems,
may not be able to understand this,
and only understand in terms of JSON objects
and JSON arrays, so in that case, what do we do?
So now to inject that I-JSON support,
I'm going to get hold of that object mapper class,
because I have set the strict I-JSON support,
in the config object, okay, so now let's run this,
yes, now do you see what happen,
it says that I cannot marshal a single value
because I-JSON is enabled, so now, it is understood that
since you are using I-JSON support,
which means I'll not be able to serialize a text like that,
okay, so what we do is we need to actually do the creation
of a JSON object from the Java X JSON API,
so I'm going to say JSON object equal to JSON,
let's take the JSON Java X dot JSON API,
and on that, let's create an object,
using the object builder, this way,
and then say add, an add a key, that's the course name,
and get this text right there,
okay, and now, I am also going to do call the build method
on it so that it finally builds that object for me,
once this is done, let's take that JSON object reference
from line 28 and put it on line 29,
okay, let's clear the console, and now run this again,
yes, so this time you do get the string that you really want
to serialize, but it is done through the JSON object API,
that's exactly what we were looking for,
so this is how you can enablize JSON support completely
by going to the config object and setting it to true,
and then throughout your application,
you should exercise the caution as to how are you going
to serialize your objects or de-serialize them.